What is the capital of Japan? Tokyo
Which planet is known as the Red Planet? Mars
Who wrote the play "Romeo and Juliet"(Full name)? William Shakespeare
What is the chemical symbol for water? H2O
What is the largest mammal in the world(Full title)? Blue whale
Who painted the Mona Lisa(Full name)? Leonardo da Vinci
What is the currency of the United Kingdom(Full title)? Pound sterling
What year did the Titanic sink? 1912
Who discovered penicillin(Full name)? Alexander Fleming
What is the tallest mountain in the world? Everest
Who wrote "The Great Gatsby"(Full name)? Scott Fitzgerald
What is the main ingredient in guacamole? Avocado
What is the largest ocean in the world(Full title)? Pacific Ocean
Who was the first person to step on the moon(Full name)? Neil Armstrong
What is the capital of Australia? Canberra
What is the chemical symbol for gold? Au
Who painted the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel? Michelangelo
What is the main ingredient in hummus? Chickpeas
What is the largest desert in the world? Sahara 
Who wrote "To Kill a Mockingbird"? Harper Lee
What is the smallest country in the world? Vatican 
What is the capital of Brazil? Brasilia
Who was the first President of the United States(Full name)? George Washington
What is the chemical symbol for oxygen? O2
Who is known as the Father of Geometry? Euclid
What is the main ingredient in sushi? Rice
What is the largest continent in the world? Asia
Who wrote "1984"(Full name)? George Orwell
What is the capital of Spain? Madrid
What is the chemical symbol for sodium? Na
Who painted "Starry Night"(Full name)? Vincent van Gogh
What is the main ingredient in chocolate? Cocoa beans
What is the highest waterfall in the world? Angel Falls
Who wrote "Pride and Prejudice"(Full name)? Jane Austen
What is the capital of Canada? Ottawa
What is the chemical symbol for silver? Ag
Who composed the "Moonlight Sonata"(Full name)? Ludwig van Beethoven
What is the main ingredient in pesto sauce? Basil
What is the longest river in the world? Nile 
Who wrote "The Catcher in the Rye"(Last name)? Salinger
What is the capital of South Africa? Pretoria
What is the chemical symbol for carbon? C
Who painted the "Mona Lisa"(Full name)? Leonardo da Vinci
What is the main ingredient in paella? Rice
What is the largest island in the world? Greenland
Who wrote "Hamlet"(Full name)? William Shakespeare
What is the capital of Italy? Rome
What is the chemical symbol for iron? Fe
Who composed "Für Elise"(Full name)? Ludwig van Beethoven
What is the main ingredient in guacamole? Avocado
What is the capital of China? Beijing
What is the chemical symbol for helium? He
Who painted the "Last Supper"(Full name)? Leonardo da Vinci
What is the main ingredient in risotto? Arborio rice
What is the tallest tree species in the world? Coast Redwood
Who wrote "Moby-Dick"(Full name)? Herman Melville
What is the capital of Ukraine? Kyiv
What is the chemical symbol for potassium? K
Who composed "The Four Seasons"(Full name)? Antonio Vivaldi
What is the main ingredient in borscht? Beetroot
What is the hottest planet in the solar system? Venus
Who wrote "The Odyssey"? Homer
What is the capital of Argentina? Buenos Aires
What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen? N
Who painted "The Birth of Venus"(Full name)? Sandro Botticelli
What is the main ingredient in gazpacho? Tomatoes
What is the deepest ocean in the world(Full title)? Pacific Ocean
